Our project will be a Travel Agency System (TAS) meant to make booking reservations easier and more efficient. This system will help manage bookings for flights and hotels, and customer service, all in one place. The system will provide an easy-to-use platform for customers to send a request for booking and to manage their flight tickets and hotel reservations if they have one, with the help of the employees of the agency. It will also store customer profiles, flight details, and payment information in different locations. The customers will also be able to leave a review after booking a flight to let the agency know about their experience as a customer. The booking system allows customers to book and cancel their booking, but they cannot modify their flight without going through the agency. They need to send a request and the employees are going to be in charge of modifying their flights with their updated preferences depending on the availability. We also are going to keep track of customer profiles, employee profiles, payment history, and tickets bought and canceled on a database. For the payment processing, the client is going to have 2 options to handle their payment, either by credit card or with their points accumulated, since they gain points every time they purchase a ticket, depending on the cost of their ticket. The employee can also buy their own flight tickets and hotel reservations, and they have the same payment processing but they are also eligible for a discount on it. The discount percentage depends on their role in the company (regular employee or manager). When canceling a flight, the client gets a refund either on their credit card or they get their points back if they paid it that way.
